1 A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	
4 This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	
1 Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
3 A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	
1 Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
4 A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	
1 Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	
3 The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations	
1 But it does n't leave you with much .	
1 You could hate it for the same reason .	
1 There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	
1 Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	
4 The performances are an absolute joy .	
3 Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	
3 I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	
3 A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	
3 a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	
2 Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	
1 As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
2 It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	
4 Best indie of the year , so far .	
3 Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	
1 It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
2 That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
2 The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
2 It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	
2 A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
1 While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	
1 The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
2 More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	
2 Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
0 Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
2 Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	
2 There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
2 Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	
1 They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	
1 It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
0 The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
3 Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	
3 So could young romantics out on a date .	
0 Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
3 Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	
4 If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
1 This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
2 Fortunately , you still have that option .	
3 Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .	
3 As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	
1 I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	
4 Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	
4 Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	
1 Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	
2 Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	
0 Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	
0 Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
4 Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	
4 Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	
0 Run for your lives !	
3 Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	
3 Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	
3 Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	
1 The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	
3 But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	
1 Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	
3 The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	
3 The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	
0 Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
4 A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
1 It 's like a drive-by .	
3 is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	
3 A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	
1 But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	
3 -LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	
3 -LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .	
2 Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
1 Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	
1  	
1 The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
2 Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	
1 This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	
4 An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	
3 All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	
3 Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .	
2 The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
3 Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	
4 Tells a fascinating , compelling story .	
1 Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .	
4 Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	
4 In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	
3 It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	
1 Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	
2 It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
3 ... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	
1 Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	
3 Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .	
0 Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
4 Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
0 `` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	
1 Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	
2 It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	
2 Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
1 -LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	
3 A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	
2 Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .	
3 Changing Lanes tries for more .	
1 Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
3 A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	
4 One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
2 The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
4 Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
1 A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
2 Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
1 And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	
0 The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
3 Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	
1 Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
2 But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	
3 Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	
4 300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	
3 The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .	
3 Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	
4 `` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	
2 Absorbing character	
1 Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	
2 It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	
3 Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	
3 If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	
4 A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	
3 Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	
2 A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	
4 A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	
1 Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	
3 A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	
1 I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	
1 It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?	
1 Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	
4 One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	
4 Intriguing and downright intoxicating .	
1 Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .	
0 The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	
3 Sleek and arty .	
0 Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	
3 -LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	
1 It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	
2 Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .	
3 It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	
1 Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	
4 When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .	
1 Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	
2 Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .	
1 It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	
4 Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .	
0 There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	
3 He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	
1 Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	
1 ... stale and uninspired .	
3 In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	
3 Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	
1 Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	
1 As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	
3 An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	
1 The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	
3 It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	
2 As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .	
2 You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	
3 Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	
1 Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	
0 Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	
2 A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .	
2 Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	
3 Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	
0 Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
3 It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	
2 Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	
2 Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .	
2 ... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .	
0 Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	
3 This is a children 's film in the truest sense .	
0 Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
4 Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	
1 An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	
1 The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	
3 Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	
3 Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .	
3 The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	
2 At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .	
2 The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	
1 There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	
3 Uneven but a lot of fun .	
2 The result might look like Vulgar .	
0 The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	
3 The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	
1 It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	
3 Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	
1 The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	
2 Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	
1 The film can depress you about life itself .	
1 If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	
1 You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	
4 This is a superior horror flick .	
2 The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .	
1 A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	
1 But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	
2 Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	
3 More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	
1 Storytelling feels slight .	
4 Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	
4 It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .	
3 Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	
2 ... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	
0 It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
3 Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .	
1 Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	
3 When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	
1 A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	
2 Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	
0 Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	
1 A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	
3 An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	
1 Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	
1 A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	
3 His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	
1 An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	
0 Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
1 The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	
0 The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
1 They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	
0 It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	
3 Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	
2 Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?	
2 Or both .	
2 Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .	
1 Phoned-in business as usual .	
1 With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	
0 Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	
0 Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents	
3 In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	
3 A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	
4 ... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	
4 Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	
3 A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	
4 Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	
0 Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
3 At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	
2 Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	
3 Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	
4 This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
1 Feral and uncomfortable .	
4 Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .	
3 It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	
0 Black-and-white and unrealistic .	
3 The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	
0 The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	
3 Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	
1 Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	
4 Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	
3 A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	
3 Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	
3 Genuinely unnerving .	
4 The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	
3 One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	
2 A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .	
1 Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	
4 Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	
1 One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	
3 In fact , even better .	
2 ... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .	
2 Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	
2 An uplifting , largely bogus story .	
4 Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	
4 Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	
4 A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	
3 After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing	
1 It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	
2 Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	
1 Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	
1 Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	
0 The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	
2 A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	
0 Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	
0 In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	
0 A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '	
1 First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	
2 I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .	
1 ... silly humbuggery ...	
1 Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .	
3 A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .	
3 Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	
4 Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .	
3 A slight but sweet film .	
2 Got a David Lynch jones ?	
2 Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	
1 Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	
4 `` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	
2 What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .	
2 The filmmakers might want to look it up .	
4 While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .	
4 There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	
0 A dreary movie .	
1 Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	
1 To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	
3 Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	
3 Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	
3 What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	
2 Buy popcorn .	
2 A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	
1 A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	
2 -LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .	
3 Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	
4 Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	
1 Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	
0 ... irritating soul-searching garbage .	
3 A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	
2 Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .	
0 In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	
2 Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .	
4 Except it 's much , much better .	
4 It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	
2 There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	
2 has -RRB-	
4 So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	
0 It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
2 If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .	
3 A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	
4 See it .	
1 Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !	
2 A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .	
1 Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	
0 A relative letdown .	
2 ` Hey Arnold ! '	
3 But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	
2 The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .	
1 A non-mystery mystery .	
4 Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	
3 The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	
1 This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	
2 The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...	
0 One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
1 Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	
1 Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	
1 Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '	
2 With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .	
1 It labours as storytelling .	
1 Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	
3 The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .	
1 Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	
2 ... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .	
1 I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	
2 Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .	
2 When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?	
2 If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	
2 It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .	
2 For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .	
1 Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	
3 Too clever by about nine-tenths .	
1 This is no `` Waterboy ! ''	