1 Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
3 A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where'time all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters hobby.	
4 One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
2 The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film/time/ is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
4 Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
1 A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
2 Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
1 And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	
0 The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
3 Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	
1 Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
2 But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared time.	
3 Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	
4 300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	
3 The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed summer.	
3 Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	
4 `` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff hobby.	
2 Absorbing character	